Xuan Xuan is not my child
Sun Yani
We didn't get married that night
I'm not afraid to tell you
In fact, Mr. Zhou and I were together a long time ago
If it weren't for my grandfather's coercion back then
How could I possibly marry you, a poor man?
wedding day
You were just drunk and slept in a wedding bed all night
Auntie didn't let you rush at all
Married for three years
I haven't even touched my own wife once
Oops, I also raised my daughter for three years
What a poor man!
You say you live so much
It's better to die as a dog man and woman
Sun Yani
Remember today's face
Since you are unkind
Don't blame me for injustice
Dad, where are you going ?
Don't you want Xuan Xuan?
Xuan Xuan is a good boy
You'll understand when you grow up
Xuan Xuan Xuan Xuan Xuan
Mom?
Mom and Dad
Long Shuai's three-year period has expired
Tian Dou settled under the dragon as promised
Please return to Heaven Dou
Return to power